Now that we did have a close look at objects,
it's time to dive even deeper into objects and not so much into that object literal notation with which
we worked and into different syntax features like destructuring which we already had a look at but
instead we'll dive into a brand new feature, into a brand new syntax which is related to a general programming
concept that is called Object Oriented Programming.
Now in this module, we'll of course have a look at what object oriented programming is and why we would
want to use it and how we can use it in a Javascript application of course and to use it or to build
an application with this OOP approach but also in general, to have a nicer time when working with objects,
we'll have a look at so-called classes and then instances
and of course I'll explain what both things are and how we work with them.
Now related to that, we'll revisit the idea behind properties,
we'll learn about fields which are not that new as you will see and we'll of course also revist
methods because classes as you will learn will help us with creating objects and therefore we'll have
to have a look at properties and methods again to understand how we work with these things in classes.
Now we'll also dive into a concept called inheritance later in this module then because that also as
you will see can be very useful when you're building more complex applications with Javascript.
Now we'll have a look at all these things in a little demo application so that it's easier to grasp
why we use these things or why we use these concepts and how we apply them to real problems and with
that, let's dive right in.